if you've ever wondered what it's like
to sleep on the streets of a city
we're in New Orleans just waking up
after a night in the Garden District
we're sleeping somewhere by the
Mississippi River and some train tracks
park next to a church and a street in
the city of New Orleans
seems pretty peaceful right now last
night was a little loud i think dennis
was up all night with the new sounds of
our new little camping spot you might be
waking up now I'm filming you my little
street sleeper sleeps with his iPhone
this guy out hammering right now I guess
we can't complain
so traffic my fellow neighborhood not
bad camped free last night in the
comfort of our own bed in New Orleans
say by Dennis night night Dennis good
morning Dennis he hates me